c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Management\Management\bin\Debug\Management.exe.config
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Management\Management\bin\Debug\Management.exe
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Management\Management\bin\Debug\Management.pdb
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Management\Management\bin\Debug\Management.xml
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Management\Management\obj\Debug\Management.Start.resources
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Management\Management\obj\Debug\Management.Resources.resources
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Management\Management\obj\Debug\Management.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Management\Management\obj\Debug\Management.exe
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Management\Management\obj\Debug\Management.xml
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Management\Management\obj\Debug\Management.pdb
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Management\Management\obj\Debug\Management.wel.resources
C:\Users\user1\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Management\Management\obj\Debug\Management.mainframe.resources
C:\Users\user1\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Management\Management\bin\Debug\da-DK\Management.resources.dll
C:\Users\user1\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Management\Management\bin\Debug\en\Management.resources.dll
C:\Users\user1\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Management\Management\bin\Debug\nqo\Management.resources.dll
C:\Users\user1\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Management\Management\obj\Debug\Management.mainframe.da-DK.resources
C:\Users\user1\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Management\Management\obj\Debug\Management.mainframe.en.resources
C:\Users\user1\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Management\Management\obj\Debug\Management.mainframe.nqo.resources
C:\Users\user1\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Management\Management\obj\Debug\da-DK\Management.resources.dll
C:\Users\user1\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Management\Management\obj\Debug\en\Management.resources.dll
C:\Users\user1\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Management\Management\obj\Debug\nqo\Management.resources.dll
C:\Users\user1\Desktop\Management\Management\bin\Debug\Management.exe.config
C:\Users\user1\Desktop\Management\Management\obj\Debug\Management.exe
C:\Users\user1\Desktop\Management\Management\obj\Debug\Management.xml
C:\Users\user1\Desktop\Management\Management\obj\Debug\Management.pdb
C:\Users\user1\Desktop\Management\Management\bin\Debug\Management.exe
C:\Users\user1\Desktop\Management\Management\bin\Debug\Management.pdb
C:\Users\user1\Desktop\Management\Management\bin\Debug\Management.xml
C:\Users\user1\Desktop\Management\Management\bin\Debug\da-DK\Management.resources.dll
C:\Users\user1\Desktop\Management\Management\bin\Debug\en\Management.resources.dll
C:\Users\user1\Desktop\Management\Management\bin\Debug\nqo\Management.resources.dll
C:\Users\user1\Desktop\Management\Management\obj\Debug\Management.Alarm_settings.resources
C:\Users\user1\Desktop\Management\Management\obj\Debug\Management.alarm.resources
C:\Users\user1\Desktop\Management\Management\obj\Debug\Management.Start.resources
C:\Users\user1\Desktop\Management\Management\obj\Debug\Management.wel.resources
C:\Users\user1\Desktop\Management\Management\obj\Debug\Management.mainframe.resources
C:\Users\user1\Desktop\Management\Management\obj\Debug\Management.Resources.resources
C:\Users\user1\Desktop\Management\Management\obj\Debug\Management.notepad.resources
C:\Users\user1\Desktop\Management\Management\obj\Debug\Management.mainframe.da-DK.resources
C:\Users\user1\Desktop\Management\Management\obj\Debug\Management.mainframe.en.resources
C:\Users\user1\Desktop\Management\Management\obj\Debug\Management.mainframe.nqo.resources
C:\Users\user1\Desktop\Management\Management\obj\Debug\Management.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\user1\Desktop\Management\Management\obj\Debug\da-DK\Management.resources.dll
C:\Users\user1\Desktop\Management\Management\obj\Debug\en\Management.resources.dll
C:\Users\user1\Desktop\Management\Management\obj\Debug\nqo\Management.resources.dll
